docs(platform/codecommit): add aws codebuild examples (#19374)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/modules/platform/codecommit/index.md

  ],
};
```

## CodeBuild examples

Create a repository with `buildspec.yml`.
This repository will be your BuildProject job repository to run Renovate on your repositories.

> ### Renovate docker buildspec.yml 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Renovate Docker `buildspec.yml` 
```

```yml
version: 0.2
env:
  shell: bash
  git-credential-helper: yes
  variables:
    RENOVATE_PLATFORM: 'codecommit'
    RENOVATE_REPOSITORIES: '["repoName1", "repoName2"]'
    RENOVATE_CONFIG: '{"extends":["config:base"]}'
    LOG_LEVEL: 'debug'
    AWS_REGION: 'us-east-1'
phases:
  build:
    on-failure: CONTINUE
    commands:
      - docker run --rm -e AWS_REGION -e RENOVATE_CONFIG -e RENOVATE_PLATFORM -e RENOVATE_REPOSITORIES -e LOG_LEVEL renovate/renovate
```

> ### Renovate cli buildspec.yml 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Renovate CLI `buildspec.yml` 
```

```yml
version: 0.2
env:
  shell: bash
  git-credential-helper: yes
  variables:
    RENOVATE_PLATFORM: 'codecommit'
    RENOVATE_REPOSITORIES: '["repoName1", "repoName2"]'
    RENOVATE_CONFIG: '{"extends":["config:base"]}'
    LOG_LEVEL: 'debug'
    AWS_REGION: 'us-east-1'
phases:
  build:
    on-failure: CONTINUE
    commands:
      - npm install -g renovate
      - renovate
```

> ### Note:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Notes
```

> In order to reduce Renovate BuildProject time and avoid `npm install`.

Reviewer: I think we need some more explanation here.

Reviewer 2: I prefer to merge this as it's a big improvement over what we have

  ],
};
```

## CodeBuild examples

Create a repository with buildspec.yml.

> This repository will be your BuildProject job repository to run renovate on your repositories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository will be your BuildProject job repository to run Renovate on your repositories.
```

### Renovate docker buildspec.yml 

```yml
version: 0.2
env:
  shell: bash
  git-credential-helper: yes
  variables:
    RENOVATE_PLATFORM: 'codecommit'
    RENOVATE_REPOSITORIES: '["repoName1", "repoName2"]'
    RENOVATE_CONFIG: '{"extends":["config:base"]}'
    LOG_LEVEL: 'debug'
    AWS_REGION: 'us-east-1'
phases:
  build:
    on-failure: CONTINUE
    commands:
      - docker run --rm -e AWS_REGION -e RENOVATE_CONFIG -e RENOVATE_PLATFORM -e RENOVATE_REPOSITORIES -e LOG_LEVEL renovate/renovate
```

### Renovate cli buildspec.yml 
```yml
version: 0.2
env:
  shell: bash
  git-credential-helper: yes
  variables:
    RENOVATE_PLATFORM: 'codecommit'
    RENOVATE_REPOSITORIES: '["repoName1", "repoName2"]'
    RENOVATE_CONFIG: '{"extends":["config:base"]}'
    LOG_LEVEL: 'debug'
    AWS_REGION: 'us-east-1'
phases:
  build:
    on-failure: CONTINUE
    commands:
      - npm install -g renovate
      - renovate
```

> ### Note:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Note:

```

> In order to reduce renovate BuildProject time and avoid `npm install`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to reduce Renovate BuildProject time and avoid `npm install`.
```

> It is recommended to install renovate on the BuildProject renovate job repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend you install Renovate on the BuildProject Renovate job repository.
```

You can add `config.js` global config to the repository.

> You can add the BuildProject repository to the `RENOVATE_REPOSITORIES` and get updates on new renovate versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add the BuildProject repository to the `RENOVATE_REPOSITORIES` variable and get updates on new Renovate versions.
```
